Greetings everyone,
here in this lesson we'll be doing what
we've done previously, and that's going
over some concepts that we found that will
help you understand this course better.
>> All right, so
kind of up on the screen there.
You can kinda see we're gonna
start by talking to you about
the software stack, or,
if software stack giving you a little bit-
>> Huh,
giving you a little bit
of a broad overview.
What it is, you know,
give you, and some examples how you can
see it on your own life, own projects.
>> Yeah, and then as promised last,
in the last lesson,
with all those terminologies and acronyms,
you're gonna see Internet Protocol.
We're gonna go a little bit more
in depth on what that is and
how you're gonna use it, I guess,
kinda how you're gonna use it.
And then the packet switch network
which essentially is what evolved from
the circuit switch network.
So, essentially the Internet,
right, the packet switch network.
So, we'll kind of talk a little bit
about that and how it's set up.
But yeah, stay tuned.
>> Mm-hm.
>> Get you going on the next videos,
and we'll see you then.